{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s1 Heading 1;}{\s2 Heading 2;}{\s3 Heading 3;}{\s4 Heading 4;}{\s5 Heading 5;}{\s6 Heading 6;}{\s7 Heading 7;}{\s8 Heading 8;}{\s9 Heading 9;}}
\deflang1024\notabind\facingp\hyphauto1\widowctrl
\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Resume / Curriculum Vitae}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Resume / Curriculum Vitae}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb373\li960\sl647\qc {\*\bkmkstart ID_INDEX}{\*\bkmkend ID_INDEX}\b\fs49\f1 Resume / Curriculum Vitae\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\li960\sl449\qc \fs34 Benjamin Lee\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260\qc \fs24                  40 Ellsa Street\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        Balwyn North\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        Melbourne\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        Victoria 3104\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        Australia\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        \sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        mob:+61 4 16 BEN LEE (236 533)\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        \sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                        benjamin.lee@realthought.net\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                  \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\li960\sl260\qc Copyright\~\'a9\~2000 - 2014 Benjamin Lee\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li1310\ri350\sl260 \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. -- Thomas Edison\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1310\ri350\sl260 Certainly the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win. -- Robert Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1310\ri350\sl260 The reward of a thing well done is to have done it. -- Emerson\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1310\ri350\sl260 When it's dark enough you can see the stars. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1310\ri350\sl260 Version 0.0.29\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1310\ri350\sl260 Generated 2014-02-18T18:38:59+1100\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_OBJECTIVES}{\*\bkmkend ID_OBJECTIVES}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 Objectives\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260 \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 To further my skills and knowledge in the computing field, particularly in the areas of networking and network protocols, communications, distributed and redundant systems, operating systems, and programming languages; to develop (and promote) industry professionalism without ever compromising my ethics and integrity; to champion for the widespread adoption of open standards; to improve the efficiency and quality of both personal and team work practises; and to establish positive inter-personal relationships.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_PERSONAL_45_AMBITIONS}{\*\bkmkend ID_PERSONAL_45_AMBITIONS}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 Personal Ambitions\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260 \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 To persuade people to smile - and enjoy myself in doing so; to be generous yet discerning; to experience life through the eyes of others; to be a paramedic; to be a fire fighter; to work for Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF); and to live to see the Open Source software development paradigm deliver information freedom (and knowledge) to the world.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_EDUCATION}{\*\bkmkend ID_EDUCATION}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 Education\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_POSTGRADUATE}{\*\bkmkend ID_POSTGRADUATE}\fs28 Postgraduate\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb144\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \b0\fs16\lang1033\f0 \'95\tab \fs20 May-2009 to Jun-2009 - Participated in French (beginner intensive) course at the Alianza Colombo Francesa (Alliance Fran\'e7aise Colombie), Manizales, Colombia.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Sep-2007 to Dec-2007 - Participated in Spanish language and culture course at the University of Salamanca, \'c1vila Campus, Spain. Participado en el Curso de Espa\'f1ol (Lengua y Cultura) realizado en la Universidad de Salamanca, Campus de \'c1vila, Espa\'f1a.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Results / Resultados:\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl234 \fs18\f2 LENGUA ESPA\'d1OLA: SOBRESALIENTE (SPANISH LANGUAGE: DISTINCTION)\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
COMUNICACI\'d3N EN ESPA\'d1OL: SOBRESALIENTE (COMMUNICATION IN SPANISH: DISTINCTION)\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
CULTURA ESPA\'d1OLA: SOBRESALIENTE (SPANISH CULTURE: DISTINCTION)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 \b\fs28\lang1024\f1 Tertiary 1997 - 2000\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb144\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \b0\fs16\lang1033\f0 \'95\tab \fs20 May-2001 - Admitted to the Honours Degree of Bachelor of Computer Science, Monash University, Clayton Campus, Melbourne, Australia.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 2000 - Authored thesis on 'Fuzzy Logic -based load balancing of Internet servers'.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 1997 - Participated in the Monash Computer Science Advanced Students' Project Scheme -- Web browser programmed in Java.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_SECONDARY}{\*\bkmkend ID_SECONDARY}\b\fs28\lang1024\f1 Secondary 1991 - 1996\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb144\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \b0\fs16\lang1033\f0 \'95\tab \fs20 Completed Year 7 to VCE at Balwyn High Secondary College, Buchanan Ave, Balwyn.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Tertiary Entrance Rank Achieved (max. 99.95): 99.65.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_AWARDS}{\*\bkmkend ID_AWARDS}\b\fs28\lang1024\f1 Significant Honours and Awards\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb144\li960\sl260 \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 2000 - Vice-Chancellor's Undergraduate Research Scholarship (Monash University)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 2000 - School of Computer Science and Software Engineering Honours Scholarship (Monash University)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1998 - Golden Key Honour Society Member (Monash University)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1997 to 1999 - Sir John Monash Scholarship / Dean's Scholars Program (Monash University)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1997 - Australian Student's Prize (Federal Government)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1996 - W. H. Watson Citizenship Award (Balwyn High)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1995 - Dux of Psychology (Balwyn High)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1993 - Dr. David C. Pannan Scholarship (Balwyn High)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1993 - AMEB Practise of Music ('Cello) Fourth Grade\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 1990 - Victorian State Under 14 All-Round Gymnastics Champion Level 4 - 2nd Place (aged 11)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_SKILLS}{\*\bkmkend ID_SKILLS}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 Skills and Knowledge\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 \fs28 Languages\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb144\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \b0\fs16\f0 \'95\tab \fs20 English (native / C2)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Spanish / Espa\'f1ol (upper-intermediate / C1)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Portuguese / Portugu\'eas (beginner / A1-A2)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 French / Fran\'e7ais (less than beginner / -A1)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 German / Deutsch (less than beginner / -A1)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Swahili / Kiswahili (less than beginner / -A1)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Auslan - Australian Sign Language (less than beginner / -A1)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_KNOWLEDGE}{\*\bkmkend ID_KNOWLEDGE}\b\fs28\f1 Experience with\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 \b0\fs20\f0 Protocols\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab TCP, UDP, IP, Mobitex / MASC / MPAK / MDOT, DataTAC, SMPP, SMS / GSM 03.40, Nokia Smart Messaging, IMAP4rev1, POP3, SMTP, HTTP, WAP, FTP, LDAP, IPsec / IKE, SSH and others.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Operating Systems\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab Mac OS, Linux (kernel versions 2.0.x / 2.2.x / 2.4.x / 2.6.x -- in particular RedHat 5.x / 6.x / 7.x / 8.0 / 9 and flavours, e.g. Mandrake, e-smith, Yellow Dog, LinuxPPC, etc.), Debian 3.x / 4.x (my preferred distribution), Ubuntu, Knoppix, Palm OS 3.5.x / 4.x, MS Windows 3.x / 95 / 98 / NT / 2000 / XP, MS-DOS 6.x / 7.0, ULTRIX, Digital Unix / OSF, HP-UX, SunOS, BSD/OS, OpenBSD 2.x / 3.x / 4.x, FreeBSD 4.x / 5.x / 6.x and more.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Languages\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab ANSI C, ANSI / ISO C++, Perl, Python, shell / bash, HTML / SGML / XML / XSLT, WML, CSS, PHP, SQL, Tcl / Expect, Lisp, Java, MIPS Assembly, Pascal / Delphi, Visual Basic, Javascript / ECMAScript, etc.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Software Packages (Consumer)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab Adobe Acrobat / Photoshop / PageMaker / GoLive / InDesign / ImageReady / Illustrator, Macromedia Dreamweaver / Flash / Freehand, Roxio (Adaptec) Toast / Jam, Bare Bones BBedit, Qualcomm Eudora, Microsoft\'ae Internet Explorer / Outlook, Netscape Communicator, Mozilla, MYOB Accounting, QuarkXPress, the Microsoft\'ae Office suite of virus spreading programs (over 20 years experience, beginning with a humble Microsoft\'ae Word on a Macintosh\'ae Plus), and really too many others to list.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Software (Development)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab Subversion, Trac, Bugzilla, Mantis, CVS (WinCvs / CvsGui, etc.), make, autoconf, automake, AutoGen, GCC, GDB, DDD, Valgrind, PilRC, PRC-Tools, POSE, Microsoft Visual Studio, and others.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Software (Administration and Network)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab tcpdump, traceroute, ping, nc (netcat), ip, route, rsync, ssh, daemontools, AutoRPM, apt, dpkg and many other standard tools of the trade.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Software (Enterprise)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab VMware, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Informix, Apache, Tomcat / JServ, JBoss, Linux Virtual Server, qmail, Postfix, Sendmail, ProFTPD, vsftpd, OpenLDAP, Courier, Cyrus, BEA WebLogic and others.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260 Computing Concepts\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-400 \tx1360 \~\tab Object-oriented programming, regular expressions, distributed systems, TCP/IP networking, Extreme Programming methodology, operating systems and computer architecture, Ethernet, computer security, database management, queueing theory and more.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WORK}{\*\bkmkend ID_WORK}\b\fs34\f1 Work History / Experience\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \b0\fs16\lang1033\f0 \'95\tab \fs20 May-2012 to current \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 National Australia Bank\cf0  500 Bourke St. Melbourne VIC 3000 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Performance Test Lead / Engineer\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Software performance testing: planning, execution, engineering and analysis. Spring, Java EE, Apache Tomcat, Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server, iTrinegy network emulator, HP ALM / Performance Center (LoadRunner), CA Wily Application Performance Management (APM) Introscope, Watir, Selenium, R, Ruby, Python, IBM - WebSphere Application Server, WebSphere Portal Server, Business Process Manager, Tivoli Access Manager - WebSEAL, IBM System z mainframe (CPACF), Linux on z/VM.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Sep-2011 to Jan-2012 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 The School of St Jude\cf0  Moshono Campus PO Box 11875 Arusha \i Tanzania\i0  East Africa\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i Systems Administrator / Database Analyst Developer / Network Engineer\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Network and systems, administration and support: Microsoft\'ae Windows XP / 7 / Server 2003, Exchange, Active Directory, Group Policy (GPO), Kaspersky Anti-Virus, Windows Software Update Services (WSUS), Debian / Ubuntu / Edubuntu, VMware vSphere Hypervisor, Oracle VirtualBox, snort, arpwatch, Cacti, ntop, Nagios, Squid, DansGuardian, Endian Firewall Community, ClamAV, SpamAssassin, Unattended, Postfix, Trinity Rescue Kit (TRK), GNU mailman, pfSense FreeBSD -based firewall, NSClient++, OpenVPN, Iperf, MikroTik RouterOS -based wireless routers, Linux Terminal Server Project (LTSP), DHCP, Wake-on-LAN (WOL), PXE boot, etc.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Issue / incident / problem management: Spiceworks. Source code version control. Mercurial / hg. Change / configuration management. Documentation and training.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Database analysis and development: Microsoft\'ae Access, Microsoft\'ae SQL Server, SQLite, PostgreSQL, Perl, AutoHotkey, bash.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Climbed Mount Meru and Mount Kilimanjaro.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Nov-2010 to May-2011 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Australia Post\cf0  111 Bourke St. Melbourne VIC 3000 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Performance Test Analyst\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 BEA WebLogic / Oracle, Tomcat / Microsoft\'ae SQL Server, Win32 GUI "thick client" (Visual Basic, ODBC) application performance testing. HP LoadRunner / QuickTest Professional (QTP) / Quality Center, Ruby, Selenium, Python, GNU win32 regex / pcre DLL, Perl, sed, cURL and other tools.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Test planning, execution, analysis, reporting, test script development. Data migration: LoadRunner, Perl, sed, etc. VMware ESX performance monitoring. I/O benchmarking: Iozone.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Aug-2003 to Aug-2008 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 PerformIQ Pty. Ltd.\cf0  Level 6 170 Queen St. Melbourne VIC 3000 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Consultant / Professional Services\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Web-based project collaboration platform (JBoss, Lucene, Hibernate, ActiveMQ, JBoss, Spring, MS SQL Server) application performance regression testing. HP LoadRunner. VUGen script development. Performance workload generation / modelling and VUGen run-logic development. Bash, Python, SQLite.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 BEA WebLogic 7.0 J2EE / Informix performance testing. Mercury Interactive (HP) LoadRunner, Python, GNU win32 regex DLL, Perl, sed, cURL, etc.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Performance monitoring, analysis and modelling. TeamQuest.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Win32 GUI Progress 4GL "thick client" application performance testing. Python, Mark Hammond's win32 extensions.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 G-Log GC3 J2EE Web / XML application performance testing. Python.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Medical patient billing system application integration. Java, Informix, Medicare Australia API.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Desktop and server support: MS Windows Server 2003, Active Directory, MS SQL Server 2000, MS Windows XP / Vista, Mac OS X, Citrix / Remote Desktop, ACCPAC, PPTP / IPsec / OpenVPN.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Java / Perl / Expect / Tcl / CGI integration application development. ARGOS Satellite Data Collection System.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Web site development. PHP / Typo3 Content Management System, PHP / MySource Content Management System, Macromedia Flash, etc.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 MS Access / MySQL database pseudo-synchronisation. rsync and cURL. MySQL / PHP / SQL optimisation and performance analysis. Web-based financial reporting application.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Proofreading.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Windows\'ae library (DLL) development. Python / C / C++.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Source code version control. CVS and Subversion.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 CGI application development. Perl / DBI, PHP and Python.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Network and systems administration: Windows\'ae 2000 / XP / Server 2003, Active Directory, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, Check Point FireWall-1 Next Generation (NG), Amanda, UW imapd, UW ipop3d, Squid, NFS / NIS, autofs, Samba, WINS, DHCP, rsync, CUPS, BIND (DNS), Net-SNMP, MRTG / RRDtool, Courier IMAPD / POP3D, Apache, Postfix, AMAViS, ClamAV, firewalls / VPN / IPsec - iptables, pf / pfctl - NAT / DNAT / SNAT, FreeS/WAN, OpenSWAN, Cisco IOS.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \i\fs20 Freelance IT Counselling\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Web application development (Perl, CGI::Application).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 SMS / SMPP gateway development, maintenance and administration (C, Perl); integration with Mobileway, Vodafone and Optus SMSCs.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Automated Web application testing (Selenium, WWW::Mechanize, curl, maxq, The Grinder, etc.).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Systems administration (Cacti, ntop, snort, OSSIM).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Mar-2005 to Sep-2007\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Symstream Technology Group Ltd.\cf0  Level 1 3 Chester St. Oakleigh VIC 3166 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Systems Engineer / Test Engineer / Systems Administrator\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Network application software development, thread debugging, Valgrind memory checking, performance, integration and network systems testing involving such wonderful technologies as omniORB / omniORBpy (CORBA), PostgreSQL, JBoss, Tomcat, OpenNMS, Net-SNMP with AgentX sub-agents, VMware, NSA SELinux and OpenLDAP using C / C++ / Python / Perl / Shell scripts on carrier grade Intel-based hardware with Natural Microsystems (NMS) Communications Natural Access ISDN AG40xx telephony cards and Intel SS7 hardware (ISUP).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 International systems deployment and staff training. 24x7 business partner support and fault analysis (predominantly using tcpdump / wireshark).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Automated win32 GUI and embedded Linux testing.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Subversion source control with Trac. RPM packaging.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Systems administration: MS Windows 2003 Server, MS Exchange 2003, etc., Linux, OpenBSD, Mambo / Joomla CMS, smokeping, OpenVPN / OpenVPN GUI, Shorewall, named / bind, Courier IMAP, OpenLDAP, Postfix, Samba, VMware, vsftpd, and Cisco IOS.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Nov-2001 to Jul-2003 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Aspect Data Pty. Ltd. (formerly dotWAP Pty. Ltd.)\cf0  Level 2 71-75 City Rd. Southbank VIC 3006 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Technical Lead / Systems Administrator\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Linux / UNIX-style development in C / C++ utilising third-party libraries, including GNet, GLib, GMime, zlib, ImageMagick, AutoGen, GD, c-client, OpenSSL and dot.conf.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Lead major re-engineering and clean-up effort involving the company's flagship Mobitex-to-IP gateway product; eventually completing a near total re-implementation using standard (reusable) third party libraries replacing legacy code, e.g. logging, configuration management, data structures. Conducted extensive (and exhaustive) memory debugging using Valgrind, dmalloc, Fortify, Electric Fence, etc.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Wireless gateway [re]development involving Mobitex (Ericsson / Tyco International) and DataTAC (Motorola / Telstra) RF networks.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Multi-platform PDA application development in Embedded C / C++ (Palm - PalmOS SDK, POSE, PilRC, PRC-Tools GNU cross-compilation tool-chain, GDB multi-segment debugger, distcc; CNI - CNI SDK, Cygwin, MS-VS (MS Visual Studio); Windows CE - Windows CE DDK, Pocket PC SDK, MS-VS; ARM Linux (Compaq IPAQ) - GNU cross-compilation tool-chain. Application prototyping using Java (J2ME, J2ME Wireless Toolkit, Ant).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Lead development of email (IMAP, MS Exchange), Web browser (HTML, WML, iMode), and Jabber-based IM (instant messaging) PDA client and server applications.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Windows library (DLL) and application (MAPI / Exchange) development.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Maintained Windows cross-compiling build environments (Cygwin, mingw).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 WiFi / 802.11b administration and video conferencing application prototyping.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Source code version control. CVS.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Compression (ZLIB - RFC 1950) and encryption (3DES) application integration.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 XML-based SMS client and middle-ware / gateway development (Kannel, libxml, PostgreSQL, MySQL), and integration with Mobileway (Mobile 365, Sybase 365), Radius ED, Telstra, Vodafone and Optus SMPP SMSCs, providing a large gamut of SMS-based services, including premium services (i.e. reverse billing).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 IPv4 low level protocol debugging (Linux kernel 2.2.x / 2.4.x, DIVERT sockets, lcrzo packet manipulation library).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 GPG (PGP - Pretty Good Privacy) applications integration.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 VPN / IPsec, FreeS/WAN, isakmpd, Cisco IOS.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 CGI application development in Perl / DBI and PHP / ADODB / PEAR.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Systems Administration (Amanda, UW imapd, UW ipop3d, Squid, NFS / NIS, RPC (remote power control), autofs, Samba, WINS, DHCP, rsync, LPRng, AutoRPM, daemontools, qmail, BIND (DNS), Net-SNMP, MRTG / RRDtool, Cyrus IMAPD, Courier IMAPD / POP3D, ProFTPD, vsftpd, Apache, Postfix, procmail sanitizer, NAI VirusScan, firewalls - iptables, ipchains, pf / pfctl - NAT / DNAT / SNAT, a little password recovery on Windows NT / 2000, Cisco IOS).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 2001 to 2002 (self-employed / independent contracting) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Atlas IT R&D Pte. Ltd.\cf0  46 Lor 17. Geylang #02-04 Enterprise Industrial Building Singapore 388568 \i Singapore\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Systems Administrator / Developer\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Systems administration (Cobalt RaQ4i, Donovan), Apache, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Tomcat (Java Servlets), BIND (DNS), Sendmail, qmail, NFSv2, ext3, and SSH.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Development (PHP, Perl, C, Java / JSP / JDBC, XML). Developing Web-based accounting software (SaaS). Technical support, and project management. Constructed fax-to-PDF gateway. Security audits.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 mid-2001 to 2002 (self-employed / independent contracting) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Fr&nk Design Pty. Ltd.\cf0  213 Victoria St. West Melbourne VIC 3003 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Web Developer / Trainer / Reader / Developer\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Web development (HTML, PHP / Perl) and training (Macintosh). Editing and proofreading.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 2001 to 2002 (self-employed / independent contracting) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Jenkins Cool Stores\cf0  1166 High Street Rd. Wantirna South VIC 3152 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 PC support (Windows 98/2000) and consulting. Systems administration (qmail, BIND / DNS, DHCP, Samba, etc.). Intranet CGI application development (logistics, warehouse management, groupware). Perl / PHP / PostgreSQL, Linux application servers.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Sep-1999 to Nov-2000 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 PowerNET Computer Consultants Pty. Ltd.\cf0  50 Madden Gr. Burnley VIC 3121 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Systems Administrator / Developer / Web Designer\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Systems administration, including shell and Perl scripting. Security auditing. Web development and maintenance, and Windows / Macintosh support.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Nov-1998 (two week contract) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Compaq Computer Australia Pty. Ltd.\cf0  564 St Kilda Rd. Melbourne VIC 3004 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Year 2000 Compliance Testing: Greenwich Mean Time Check 2000 software at Victoria Barracks, St Kilda Rd.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Dec-1996 - 2000 (casual) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Eng Medical Centre Pty. Ltd.\cf0  97 Princess St. Kew VIC 3101 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Staffed Dispensary, selling homoeopathic / naturopathic nutritional supplements. Basic bookkeeping and inventory management. Maintained PCs.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 1998 to present \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Private Computer Tutor / Trainer / Computer Technician\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf0 Teaching computer literacy and technologies at beginner / intermediate levels, with an emphasis on Internet technologies. Troubleshooting various software and hardware problems.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 1997 to 1998 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Harmozien Strings - String Quartet\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i\cf0 'Cellist\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Performed for weddings and functions on a casual basis.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Apr-1997 to 2001 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 Private VCE Physics / English / Maths Tutor\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf0 Tutored students at secondary school level.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Mar-1995 (one week work experience) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 The Type Factory Pty. Ltd.\cf0  18 Drummond St. Carlton VIC 3053 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Created magazine artwork. Performed traditional paste-up, digital photo-manipulation (Adobe Photoshop), scanning (Agfa), bromide and film processing, and... photocopying.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Jan-1995 (one week work experience) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \cf1 VicPrint Pty. Ltd.\cf0  3 George St. Blackburn VIC 3130 \i Australia\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 \i0 Gained an enormous insight into the graphic reproduction / typesetting / printing / pre-press industry. Performed OCR scanning, graphic design, film processing, plate processing and plate making, blue printing and chemi-proofing. Learnt how to pronounce `moir\'e9'.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_INTERESTS}{\*\bkmkend ID_INTERESTS}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 Additional Information and Interests\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \b0\fs16\lang1033\f0 \'95\tab \fs20 Jul-2008 to Oct-2010: Sabbatical. Travelled Central and South America, and Europe. Volunteered as a Spanish-English interpreter on a coffee plantation, an English tutor in a hostel and a private South American tour guide from Buenos Aires to Medell\'edn... inter alia.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Respected as the authoritative computer guru amongst family and friends. ;-) Whether this is a good thing or not, is a whole other story...\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 1997: Established a heterogeneous TCP/IP LAN between Linux, Windows and MacOS -based computers, incorporating various network services, including: Slirp, DHCP, firewall (ipchains / iptables), transparent proxy, NAT / IP Masquerading, Netatalk (AppleTalk/IP), Web (Apache / AOLserver), mail (qmail / Sendmail / Postfix, Cyrus IMAPD, UW imapd), Samba (SMB/NetBIOS/IP), FTP (ProFTPD, vsftpd) and SSH (openssh).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 2000: An experimental interest in Human Computer Interaction (HCI) using the Internet and Macromedia Flash.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Self-trained in the NATO phonetic alphabet (thanks Peter M). Morse code is next.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260 Dvorak: in training (todav\'eda, hace muchos a\'f1os)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 1995 to 1996: Designed high school yearbook front cover using Adobe Photoshop. 1994 to 1996: High school yearbook photographer.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Travelled to Antarctica, Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Ecuador, England, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Indonesia, Ireland (Republic of), Italy, Malaysia, Mexico, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Peru, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, Tanzania, Thailand, United States, Uruguay, Vatican, and Australia. ;-)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200 \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Interested in photography, drawing, languages and multilingualism, etymology, psychology, making things, music and mixing music, gymnastics, sleep, dancing and break-dancing, Capoeira, salsa, coin and matchbook collecting, antiques, philosophy (in moderation, of course), and last, but by no means least, happiness.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_REFERENCES}{\*\bkmkend ID_REFERENCES}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 References\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260 \b0\i\fs20\lang1033\f0 References available on request.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_THE_45_END}{\*\bkmkend ID_THE_45_END}\b\i0\fs34\lang1024\f1 The End\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260 \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. In particular, \fs18\f2 http://www.microsoft.com/library/toolbar/3.0/trademarks/en-us.mspx\fs20\f0  (http://www.microsoft.com/library/toolbar/3.0/trademarks/en-us.mspx)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260 Imus.\hyphpar0\par}
